'In a press release dated March 28, 2004, United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Michael Osterholm announced the results of the detection and safety trial of SARS-CoV in the Chinese transplantation market. Although the safety of human donor SARS-CoV has not been proven, there has been a recent report that the vaccine manufacturer, Shire, has conducted a biopsy in Hong Kong, which is reportedly shown to show a significantly low rate of hospital admissions and cases of adverse events. Dr. Osterholm also reported that he was cautiously optimistic about the results of this trial and that a clinical trial in the United States should be opened soon.\nThe Chinese market is considered a very good area for traditional Chinese medicine to focus on. For example, if confirmed, the findings could allow potential patients to get better oral treatments. Moreover, despite the high rate of infections in China, the main treatment for infection is probably an oral vaccine which consists of drugs. A clinical trial conducted in a clinical trial could also provide more benefits to patients with mild to moderate respiratory infections which would open the market for other serious treatments.\nThe main source of the virus is the influenza A virus and these strains cause varying degrees of viral infection in humans and other animals. The H1N1 virus is responsible for most cases of SARS-CoV and the older H3N2 virus. We have already seen a severe outbreak of the H3N2 virus in SARS-CoV cases. The SARS-CoV virus is one of the most serious viruses; however, the best treatment for SARS-CoV infections is a vaccination.\nAn H3N2 virus has no antiviral properties and is also very likely to cause SARS-CoV infections. This virus is also known as Yellow Fever and it is not well characterized. Unfortunately, the H3N2 virus has caused many human deaths and serious complications. But, even though the virus appears to be less worrisome in comparison to the H1N1 virus, SARS-CoV can cause serious infections as well.\nThe common thread between the two strains of SARS-CoV is that they were first identified in China in 2003. In order to confirm the composition of the virus, researchers identified a single mutation that increases the frequency of C. difficile infection. In other words, the kind of infection which has been reported in SARS-CoV cases also appears to be a C. difficile infection, which could lead to a serious disease. C. difficile is a bacterium which causes a severe outbreak of diarrhea. It also can spread within a short period of time as it can react to the specific drug used to treat the infection.\nLack of a treatment option for the infection is one of the main challenges that people have faced. Another one is to promote the vaccination program. However, SARS-CoV patients have come to the attention of some experts who believe that there is no vaccine that could protect the SARS-CoV patients against the virus.\nA total of 3,800 patients have been tested for the H3N2 virus as a possible source of infection and 7,950 tests showed no results. Another 4,520 tests showed 0 results. Although the test results of the 2,883 patients who tested positive for H3N2 were not negative, it may be considered to be a secondary source of infection.\nMany patients and their families are asking to be tested for the virus, as the possibility of a possible infection can lead to more severe health problems. It is not very surprising that the Chinese government has strongly condemned the case of two patients who tested positive for the SARS-CoV. The authorities have also placed measures in place to protect the lives of the public. A recommendation was made to vaccinate the entire population of SARS-CoV victims and to provide vaccine to the sick people.\n'