'A scientific study was done on a microtubulin subunit, Drosophila papillae, that was used to influence tubulin stability in Drosophila eggs. Drosophila papillae are giant hydrophilic parasites, found only in primitive cells, and have been known to support separate parts of a parasitic life cycle before adulthood. Drosophila papillae utilize tubulin during full-circulation to regulate their host’s life cycle. Their genome can be modified by deletion of tubulin genes to replace tubulin in its cells. A Microtubulin-compatible mouse model had small electrophalous tubulin during its development, and was replicated in humans in vitro, which showed no changes in tubulin content.\nThis study was conducted by a team that included the National Museum of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NMAID), Lund University, Northumbria University, Manchester Medical School, and the University of Northumbria. The study was carried out between September 2009 and October 2010, with the participation of the NMAID Department of Clinical Microbiology, the Department of Entomology, the Department of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and the University of Manchester.\nMicrotubulin is the structure of microtubules that have formed the backbone of DNA in the cell, maintaining its separation from other chromosomes and other critical genes. Drosophila papillae exhibit a “signature” protein that is able to regulate tubulin consistency. The Drosophila papillae rely upon tubulin to bring them to a sufficient proportion of tubulin in their cells.\nCurrent research into the cells’ internal metabolism has investigated whether changing their size affects their tubulin stability. This led to other structural changes, such as the formation of a non-obstructive protein. Microtubules may act as a stabilizer for tubulin in an organism, supporting tubulin during growth and maturation and also supporting tubulin during the development of the cell.\nWith this understanding, scientists believe that chemical changes in the biosynthesis of tubulin may be sufficient to regulate its tubulin content. The new results indicate that the effect of new microtubulin-related genetic mutations on the tubulin content has been blocked. The research was conducted in cooperation with the National Laboratory of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (MNAAID), Stockholm University, and the Norwegian Ministry of Health.\nMicrotubule side consequences of microtubulin: inhibition of tubulin by >1,000 genes.\nThe study was published in the scientific journal Drosophila. The postdoctoral research team consists of Dr. Sharon Zukerman, Dr. Albert Rimel, Dr. Rufus Quintana, Dr. Ruth Kautch, and Dr. Philip Jensen.\n'