"pipéen: pipéen: the new diagnostic method is still showing a partial delay in detection. I think that there is a 90% chance of producing false positives until you can use 3 to 5 extra tests on the physician to get more data about the disease.\nIt's been reported that other more invasive tests (transferin and multiple PCR tests) can usually detect the infection more accurately. So, the success of the diagnostic method depends on improving the process of positive and false-positive findings.\nThis is not a new problem but only a fast-tracked solution. Vaccines may actually be the solution for the growing legionella, but not currently considered a viable treatment for the pneumonia bacteria.\nStroke, and osteoarthritis of the knees and hips, are often associated with multiple diseases caused by legionella. It may be that this bacteria is under-diagnosed and completely neglected. My patient is experiencing both of these diseases, and was diagnosed with end-stage osteoarthritis. Several months ago, my in-patient x-ray showed a great deal of plasmic bacterial lesions in the hip. In addition, to my diagnosis, there were at least 25 other confirmed cases of Shigella infection. The patient had recently lost nearly five percent of her knee size due to a knee osteoarthritis epidemic; during my follow-up examination, I also found some indication of his own plasmic pulmonary embolism (epileptic esophageal reflux disease). He developed significant episodes of clots in his lungs over the past year. I believe he was transferred from the ER to the ICU with his prognosis confirmed. If the critical and terminal stage remains positive for Legionella pneumophila, a solid dose of erlotinib (floral curcuminatum) is would be required.\nEBOLA has emerged as a significant health crisis for the American West Coast. The outbreak has caused many deaths and brought the number of reported cases to nearly 350 people (7 confirmed and 33 probable). As mentioned, vaccinations are being recommended against the disease in accordance with the protocols for WHO Recommendations for Outbreak Management. In addition, the CDC has issued an Ebola alert.\nI was recently in New Zealand where I had a medical emergency involving a C/pneumophila. I was transferred to San Francisco General Hospital, where I was admitted for three weeks in intensive care where my gastroenterology team successfully managed to prevent a recurrence of my infection. I believe that the recent outbreak is due to the vaccination program which has not been properly implemented in most regions. I have some concerns about the outbreak in New Zealand and the potential for recurrence.\nI believe that a vaccine will not likely be developed until the manufacturing process becomes stable and inexpensive enough for both medical and governmental organizations. Unfortunately, there has been very little publicized clinical data showing any benefits in the treatment of Ebola related respiratory infections or any of the many recent cases of gastroenteritis that occurred over a very brief period of time. There are only a couple of individual studies being reported in order to assess efficacy and safety, and all of them are in regions with relatively little public health infrastructure.\nIf you have any further questions regarding any of these issues, please please post a comment below and contact me via email: ep@livinglowlife.com. If you have any additional questions about this topic, please feel free to post in the comments below.\nEpicurus: Epicurus: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epicurus\nEpicurus comments\nEpicurus comments author:\nPublic Health Daily\nFoundation for a Safe Environment\nFoundation for a Safe Environment website\nFoundation for a Safe Environment webpage\nFoundation for a Safe Environment website\nFoundation for a Safe Environment webpage\nFoundation for a Safe Environment webpage\nFoundation for a Safe Environment webpage\nFoundation for a Safe Environment webpage\n"