'In the current wave of public awareness about the dangers of penile enhancement, authors, including Dr. Virendra Chaudhary and the late Dr. Santosh Shelk, a distinguished radiologist at the Toronto General Hospital for Gynaecology and Obstetrics, have suggested that phosphorylation of the female sex hormones in semen is essential for breast cancer progression. Is Phosphorylation an Important Sign of Furthering the Warning Signal for this Formation of the AGE of breast cancer?\nA Brief History of Myriads of Breast Cancer Inhumanities: 2009 | Volume 7 | Issue 1 | E1924\nIn one of the newest articles in our 2017 Thesis series on the carcinogenicity of human embryonic stem cells to breast cancer, Weislinger and Gould describe the following discovery:\nHormonal under-production of EPA can cause activation of the “corona” of a hormone-producing tumor; it can also be resistant to anti-T cell therapeutics, including chemotherapy drugs and radiation. These findings suggest that increased levels of EPA within the woman’s ovary may be implicated in breast cancer.\nDepression in the breast is a major cancer risk, regardless of race. Our epidemiologists reported that breast cancer has the largest inherited risk of all human cancers. Weislinger and Gould had a strong identification of the risk cluster and this was because the invasive cancers require a high threshold of estrogen to spread. Because of the large population of women with a strong risk, a significant number of them could be exposed to high levels of MRSA and other sexually transmitted infections.\nEvidence for the link between smoking and breast cancer is increasing and as a result, the UK is holding clinical trials to test whether cigarettes affect tumor growth.\nThe female sex hormones are entirely dependent on human growth hormone (HGH), which produced the effects of the hormone gamma-secretase. IGF-1 and AGE-1 are crucial for the female sex hormones, namely, Erythropoietin (the white blood factor). Human hGH levels naturally increase in girls. Scientists believe that low levels of Erythropoietin caused the reversal of breast cancer cell growth.\nThe aging of the human body, increased longevity and stress due to environmental factors, led to an evolutionary change in our physiology. Since the womb, the ratio of radiation and light against exposure to radiation throughout the years has dramatically reduced. Radiation causes cell damage.\nOur cells were oriented to the Sun in the past. But in order to survive in the harsh climate, the cell somehow switched off its Erythropoietin neurons. This turned the cell into one that only transmits information from the Sun through one physical medium — the DNA— instead of receiving electronic information. The loss of this process meant that radiation, which provides an emission of radiation, was no longer needed. Instead, it turned into a passive way of providing information from the Sun to the cells.\nEven when the cells were dormant, they were at an advantage. Radiation does not kill the cells, but the radiation acts as a whole energy source.\nOur bodies have been given a golden opportunity to develop faster than life before it. We are living longer than ever before. Cancer is now a deadly disease that kills people at higher rates than any other disease in the world.\nVirtually all cancers are genetic. In order to maintain cancer resistance, the DNA is turned on and off at a rate that increases if there is a genetic mutation. In order to prevent the formation of cancer cells, the human immune system is also turned on at the rate that goes up if the cancer is a small cell tumor.\nThis brings us to phosphorylation of the breast cells. Only a very high level of the hormone EPA is needed in order to make the cells mature into aggressive cancer cells. As a result, the researchers have finally identified the link between phosphorylation of the female sex hormones in semen and breast cancer.\nLet’s think about this. What are phosphorylation of the breast cells, and what are the consequences?\nThe breast cancer genome is very similar to that of human diseases. When the patient has symptoms of breast cancer, it is likely that the problems will go away if they have symptoms of breast cancer. But in the future, if the breast cancer cells are starting to develop and live in these tumors, these will be not only chemical changes but could change the disease. The first such change would be the growth of a cancerous metastasis.\n“AGE-1'