'by Yang Wang | May 13, 2013 10:16 am\n(1) Comment | Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author\nPosted to: Esophageal Cancer, Cancer Biology, ECC\nA new study adds a new dimension to the news that detection of esophageal cancer is improving, but survival rates are not.\nEarlier this month, the National Cancer Institute reported on a major improvement in the survival rate for esophageal cancer patients since 2003. The American College of Surgeons reported on a record number of patients completing surgery to remove cancerous esophageal incisions earlier this year.\nThese reports supported the importance of the ECC management program at the Yale Cancer Center. The ECC program helps patients with esophageal cancer predict the course of their cancer and prevent relapse.\nBut this week’s ECC study is bringing more complications to the picture. About half of the patients in the Yale study died within three years. Another 20 percent died within four years.\nThe researchers who reviewed these data for this study theorized that high Maspin expression in Esophageal Cell Carcinoma cells might lead to more aggressive cancer, since their tissues are more prone to mutations than normal cells.\nMaspin expression in esophageal cells is the condition when cells have high expression in a particular protein.\nThe new study is the fifth that Yale researchers have done in cooperation with the US National Institutes of Health. It is based on a clinical trial that tested a new cell therapy approach—human antibodies that blast out harmless impurities, most likely from circulating tumour cells.\nThe team recruited 15 patients and nine controls. Nine were patients with stage 4 Esophageal Cancer and four were patients who had complete or partial tumours. The trial started in June 2012 and continued until January 2013.\nOnly one patient died at the end of the trial.\nThere were a number of studies done on the effects of antibodies on the esophageal cancer’s outcomes. One randomized trial suggested that antibodies could improve survival rates by as much as 30 percent. Another study found that antibodies cured more than 50 percent of patients. But that was not possible without rigorous treatment.\nIn the Yale study, the researchers noticed that the survival rates in the 12 patients who got the antibody treatment were almost double the median survival rates of the other group.\nBecause the study gave a numerical score, they wanted to see whether the survival numbers of those who received the placebo and those who got the antibody were related.\nThe results indicated that they were.\nWhat’s the difference?\nOne thing is that the antibody treatment (aka the Jevtana) was heavily touted in an introductory literature article and poster, the Yale study shows. Two more things are at play: 1) In 2008, Esophageal Cancer Foundation decided to conduct a randomized study of the efficacy of Jevtana against standard of care to see if the drug would be useful in various breast cancer patients. The result was that patients with active breast cancer were offered Jevtana when available and were not offered a placebo, making the treatment more likely to work. 2) The trial got Jevtana to patients who had weak or diminished tumors in order to establish that Jevtana would work. The trial was pivotal in increasing expectations that Jevtana is a good thing.\nWhat happens if Jevtana fails to work?\nIf you are an Esophageal Cancer patient, the best way to get help is through the ECC program at Yale. The Yale researchers contacted people who had difficulty with chemotherapy or radiotherapy because of misdiagnoses. The ECC team asked them to go to an ECC clinic, and referred them to a hand-picked group of doctors who worked on the Jevtana trial, including several UC and MIT doctors.\nThe Yale researchers had these doctors watch several movies, looking for signs of trouble in patients. One showed symptoms of a narrowing of the esophagus.\nWhen they saw the patient in the movie and asked him what was wrong, he might have been a “typical” participant of the trial who had trouble swallowing. The movie pointed out that the esophagus was apparently becoming quite narrow, and noted that in the documentary Jevtana often works, but some people do not.\nThe doctors gave the patient a shot of the Jevtana drug, but did not give him the drug. They simply switched to the one given'