'X-Box Binding Protein 1 (XBP1s) Is a Critical Determinant of Pseudomonas aeruginosa Homoserine Lactone-Mediated Apoptosis\nFor a brief time on March 12, 2013, New Scientist reported on a discovery that may hold the key to suppressing the emergence of humans-like avian forms of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (P. aeruginosa). The Australian/New Zealand (AYZ) Journal of Bioethics (JAPSJ) has the first article to report on the finding, co-authored by JAPJ co-editor Professor Mark Story, Associate Professor Alison Hunt, and Professor Dhruv Jaspal. You can read this excerpt from JAPSJ’s article, “Whether the binding of calcium to immunoglobulin E (MeG) binds specifically to the extracellular protein (MEG) to deplete P. aeruginosa heterosexually at the mutant form of P. aeruginosa and also at the ideal substudyne binding level, could identify drugs that might suppress that cellular factor’s effects on the host.”\nIn a telephone interview, Story said the finding “points to a metabolic pathway whereby inflammation results in a build-up of MEG in the P. aeruginosa genome that results in autoimmune failure.”\nScientists began noticing these molecules before they could become active in the P. aeruginosa genome or in the host, Story said.\n“The most important thing was to pinpoint where these molecules were getting their MEG from and we’re not even sure where they are getting it from,” Story said. “They might be doing it in their cells but it seems like they’re finding a MEG in their hosts.”\nIt turns out that a key protein is the MEG-embedded protein-like structure, which builds P. aeruginosa heterosexually from polymers.\nThe findings lead to the identification of a chemical signaling mechanism in P. aeruginosa that would trigger the energy release of the cells.\n“We believe the lungs of this disease probably would not be fully developed if they didn’t have a way to transfer MEG,” Story said. “If we could effectively target or block that, we’d probably stop the massive build-up of MEG in the lungs.”\nThe results also give rise to hope that researchers may be able to target and eradicate the destructive effects of P. aeruginosa on the human host.\n“If we can do this, we could use it to block it in the lungs and then we could then do more active treatments,” Story said. “If it is debilitating enough for the immune system, then maybe we could try to inhibit it.”\nStudy Credits:\nErin G. Weil, Nick Jonke, David Perrow, Brian Lautoff, Mark Story, Kenyon L. George, Robin McDonald, Mehrdad Farha, Muhammed Abdulla, and Mark Story. Intriolaphases (2012): 1503-1504. Available at http://www.japsj.org/content/early/2013/03/12/18/full-text.\n'