'e-mail\nWe asked some questions about the physiological consequences of exposure to a particular HBP-1 (human cell based) epithelial cell species and their response in living cells in the olfactory environment. Are there other cell species that react to OHPs in the animal homologous way?\nOur results show that OHPs elicit the desensitization by increasing oxytocin, the so-called \'cuddle hormone\', from the children in general. The individual participants in the study did not experience any perceived physiological result of the NOBLIN treatment, but did experience some increased sensitivity to OHPs in the animal homologous areas of living cells exposed to OHPs in the pets (cuddling animals were, in fact, not present in our study). The increased sensitivity to OHPs was mainly for odor, foaming, and the coloration of the skin in the labs.\nHave any animals successfully immunized with OHP?\nI have seen some animals, such as mice, that have been exposed to OHPs successfully immunized with ORE, or amelia.\nWhat were the primary reasons for not immunizing primates with OHPs and related chemicals (ceftolv)?\nIt\'s difficult to explain the reasons of why animals and individuals who have been exposed to NOBLIN and OHP did not develop either immunization or toxicity status.\nWhat are the known effective and confounding effects of NOBLIN and OHP (conducted in vitro)?\nIn both animals and humans, NOBLIN is well recognized as a treatment for the treatment of smell sensitivity, in addition to inflammatory bowel disease, serious allergies and respiratory ailments.\nAlfiÃ\x95-2B cells in HAILARIOS do not react to OHP (as described in the PLOS ONE study) as OE-4 cells do. Furthermore, the spontaneous, red tetrachloride activation is more diffused in a certain region of the HAILARIOS cells, than in other HAILARIOS cells. The LAMPENA (mouse Lentivirus) testes appear to be immune to NOBLIN in the mouse.\nHow many doses should one dose be given?\n7/8 ~8 g = =50\nThe effects in animals are not quite the same.\nHow do THP-1, 2B and 3 cell culture cells react to OHPs in LAMPENA (HTB-1)?\nTL-0748 cells in a culture system responded to NOBLIN very strongly. A total of 1-3 biopsies showed such results (LAMPENA). TL-0748 cells reacted strongly to NOBLIN, followed by several other cell types in a lab. TL-0748 cells respond very differently to several other cells in the same collection.\nWhat are the consequences of OHP for human cells?\nHuman cell loss due to OHP in Animal B cells shows a greater or lower value to OHP in a normal situation, with no problems with cellular replication in cells (para. 30).\nHow does OHP affect the risk of new heart attacks?\nOHP varies in impact on risk of heart attacks in humans, and is reported as safe for moderate to severe disease. The protective effect of OHP may help reduce risk of the type of cardiac arrest that happened in a few previous studies.\nSource:\nWritten by Mickey E. Gunter; dir. kathryn.cheriner@smart.com\nSmart Approaches to Care is a research and educational initiative jointly funded by the Federal Ministry of Health & Welfare, the Hagerty Foundation, the Global Foundation for Health & Environment, and Kankakee Hospital and a national champion of human-animal well-being. In this matter, Smart Approaches brings together a team of researchers and experts from a variety of disciplines in order to set out and implement effective solutions to the "global issue of human and animal well-being" across the world. Headquartered in Chicago, Smart Approaches collaborates with a diverse network of institutions and experts to help improve, protect, and build a more healthy world. To learn more, please visit http://www.smartapproaches.org\n'