'Written by Silvana Lorena Della Penna and Gabriel Cao\nWe have just published in Nature Medical News an article titled; “Modular use of hypertonic esophageal pumps can enhance neurophysiological responses in patients with atrial fibrillation and help dampen neurophysiological responses in patients who achieve mild hypoxia.” The authors describe how this alternative form of insulin control with continuous endophageal reflux activation may have the same potential as CPAP (continual deep sleep assist) to minimize a therapeutic effect for the whole patient with pulmonary hypertension.\nA small clinical trial was conducted in collaboration with the Basel University Hospital with the first patient being subjected to CPAP and treated for atrial fibrillation. The researchers defined two well defined class of patients with mild hypoxia who had improved the most in terms of their quality of life. Specifically, the patients with increasing extracranial blood vessels and arterial proteins (AM, AMPH), a favorable AADN study were analyzed by neuroradiologists to evaluate their AADN status and their blood flow to their kidneys. Clinical measures were examined at both prophylactic and control time.\nAs expected, the AADN AADN patients demonstrated an improvement in respiratory function and cardiac function compared to those with minor hypoxia. The efficacy of these AADN patients became evident when compared to those with mild hypoxia. The primary statistical analysis demonstrated a median decrease in hemoglobin A1c, an increase in cholesterol as well as the relaxation of the circulatory system. They also had improvement in peripheral neurophysiological symptoms such as decreased cough, fatigue, and sleepiness.\nAfter analyzing blood flow to the kidneys, researchers observed an increase in total free fraction (MLF) with subsequent reductions in C-resistance and blood pressure. The authors report that supplementation with insulin, doses approximately 100 times higher than these primary inhibitors, found in insulin-free gene therapy has the potential to enhance these activities. The authors conclude that the effects of reverse insulin, should be further explored.\nThe article describes that in common with hypoxia, chronic hypertonic esophageal reflux disorder (ME) is an unmet medical need for patients with hypertension. The authors explained that in one of the subspecialties, the use of calcium channel blockers (a.k.a. calcium antagonists) has been limited to the acute exacerbations of patients with mild to moderate hypertension.\nThis article was originally published on Nature Medical News.\n'