"Abnormal Uev1A genome percelloid tissue SIX FORMAHD ONLINE\nOn 14/7/14, prominent pharmaceutical company, Lundbeck (OTCPK:TRIBF), along with Daqing Biotech Limited (Nasdaq: DDQB) and participants in the study, reported the results of a Phase 1/2a human trial of Ubiquitin-conjugated genome binding and selective mediating enzyme complex Uev1A-Ubc13 in women with advanced forms of breast cancer. Ubiquitin-conjugated cellular enzyme complex Uev1A-Ubc13 results in tumor growth in breast cancer cells derived from kidney cancer cells. Key findings include:\nUev1A-Ubc13 stimulates interactions with transcription factors such as NX_IFS and UXIF, while inhibiting fetal status genes, neurogenesis and tumor masses, and leads to metastasis through nuclear factor_B mediated matrix metalloproteinase-1 gene regulation.\nResults indicate that regrowth of blood vessels in breast cancer cells directly from kidney tumors and caused by Uev1A-Ubc13 confer weak immunity to estrogen and chemotherapy. This result is verified by epidemiological studies published over the past 15 years that indicate cellular proliferation with telomeres shortened by tumor cell multiplication.\nUbiquitin-conjugated DNA copy number values decreased in young, stem cell-bearing solid tumors compared to childhood induced cell growth.\nUev1A-Ubc13 is believed to increase breast cancer mortality in women, and has been used for therapeutic purpose for breast cancer in healthy female mice and humans. Although human studies are currently underway, the study has provided positive results for the treatment of breast cancer.\nAbnormal DNA variants in human breast cancer cells may predispose to the occurrence of non-malignant tumors that grow locally.\n“These results suggest that traditional cell signaling pathways within breast cancer may be disrupted and genetic alterations may be required for a lethal cancer.”, says Peter Shapiro, MD, Director of Clinical Science at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.\nOn 14/7/14, media outlets covered this study.\nFor more information and to find a publication partner, please visit: http://lundbeck.docstv.\n“Surgery rates in women with metastatic breast cancer depend on parenteral medical management,” says Jennifer Frederick, MD, MPH, Vice President for Clinical Research at Lundbeck. “The findings in this study demonstrate the importance of treating tumors by actively interceding with the body’s natural process of cellular signaling to prevent cellular spread.”\nAbout DUBAI-GENE\nDubai Genomics (Dubai) Ltd. (DG) is a leading entity in the knowledge leadership in lung cancer research and development. The Group’s focus is on advanced cell biology, apoptosis, genetics and metabolism, and on molecular cancer biology in all types of human cancers including breast, prostate, ovarian, pancreatic, ovarian tRC, breast and colorectal cancers. DG is committed to increasing the quality of cancer research and development, as well as empowering the scientific community with knowledge of the most advanced genetic and biological methods. DG’s programs in the field of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) are currently under validation. DG has more than $20 million in funding from a range of foundations and domestic and international agencies for its research, including DEDVAT Ventures, the Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud Family Foundation, the Khan Alsharif Foundation, and the Khan Bin Mohamad Bin Abdullah Bin Abdulaziz Al Saud Foundation. DG's research is conducted through an integrated team of independent faculty, scientists and pathologists with over 25,000 academic years of experience. DG’s mission is to contribute to the understanding of cancer, HIV/AIDS, and other infectious diseases, and to provide service to the communities where DG is located. DG is the network and site of the International Cancer Conference, based in Beijing, China. www.dubaigenomics.com\nAbout GW Pharmaceuticals\nGW Pharmaceuticals plc is a leading oncology company developing drugs that alter the expression of genes in patients’ cancers. GW has a pipeline of four drug candidates that have received a total of over 40 preclinical and clinical studies. The company is developing two drugs currently in regulatory phase: Sativex in Europe and IND-approved US for mesothelioma, and Re"