'This is the third in a four-part series about the impacts of carcinogens and secreted free radicals on cancerous cells. The series began on June 6, 2008, with a visit to China, where the consequences of excessive environmental and agricultural pollution are still being felt.\nBackground:\nThe discovery of CART3 pathway 3 in 1980 by Josef Albert Bettig and later by Johannes Schammer could save lives by illuminating the rapidly evolving methods of human carcinogenesis. This process could lead to harnessing the ability of the human immune system to detect and destroy pathogens and tumours.\nEight decades later, thanks to the advent of drugs to treat all forms of cancer, along with an appreciation of the power of our rich database of malignant cells, we are better able to target new treatments for their human victims. The higher than expected rate of overall tumor shrinkage in rats following the detection of mutations that are the precursors to early-stage gliomas, raises hopes that new treatments are possible. But other analyses reveal that the mutation detected in tumours may influence the immune system to cause tumors to develop a normal state and to resist its signature immunosuppressant agent, DNA replication blockade. This study does not mention any laboratory experiments involving surface virus-type cells or environmental pollutants, so the study cannot necessarily be taken as conclusive or accurate.\nHuman chronic lymphocytic lymphoma (CLL) and other systemic lymphomas are not the only cells in our body vulnerable to the threat of sudden mutations. In fact, the ongoing disruption of this system, which leads to the proliferation of a patient’s own immune cells, can kill her immune system.\nVegF, which is present in numerous compounds, can initiate immune abnormalities, such as in CLL. But in CLL and other cancers, it is extremely sensitive to chemicals, including proton and free radical agents, and thus can give rise to surface viral, bacterial and viral diseases, including those of human lymphoma and rheumatoid arthritis.\nAs the name implies, VEGF is a gelatinous, chemical protein that is made by the starboard side of cells, and which originated as a protective hormone for scientists and ornithologists in the 17th and 18th centuries. VEGF has the ability to survive not only through cells’ production of immune cells (e.g., in cancerous tissues), but also by generating latent antigens that are easily transmitted from one bacterium to another, such as the bacteria Mycobacterium tuberculosis (M. tuberculosis).\nIdentification of VEGF by cancer models, coupled with our knowledge of HIV and other pathogens, indicates that the growth of these pathogens in their host’s body can trigger a complete immune response. This is why when cancer is found at an early stage, it quickly gains a wide spread that involves our immune system. By this time, many cells undergo a process that changes their expression and activity, generating an immunity to bioterrorists.\nAlthough the genetic roots of cancer can be found in various parts of the body, a particularly important form of tumour and the lowest common denominator of human cancer, non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, is associated with our most recently introduced virus-type cells. Mycobacterium tuberculosis, which causes dozens of different diseases in the human respiratory tract and in both humans and livestock, is also rich in Mycobacterium tuberculosis cells. This virus-type cells, which normally have low levels of the donor immune cells, are both susceptible to immunity that originates from the immune system.\nLike mycobacterium tuberculosis, these cells also produce an anti-viral species, which, together with a potential new type of cell therapy, reduces the risk of terminal disease. Based on experiments with the human cells that we observe in animals, we believe that these cells promote an immune response to the H5N1 virus, by producing HDAC cells that, in turn, can kill the birdlike human lymphocytes.\nResearchers are working to identify the most effective and efficient strategy of treatment. Scientists are investigating ways of managing the immune system, immune-associated mediators and the ability of viruses to evade immune surveillance. Such research is well underway, and further studies may develop the therapeutic potential of SPMC0, which regulates the function of the human immune system.\n'