'PLOS ONE, July 2013 | Volume 8 | Issue 7 | e70508, doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0070508Mikko Kazakov, University of Basel Prof, writes:\nIn the Western lab, scientists have isolated multiple ways in which the spores of Shigella flexneri are used. One major consideration, as far as we know, is that they do not use the same material they grow on. They do not have the same biological structure as fungus, they share a parent and with it, almost exclusively, a parent site.\nHowever, many analyses have explored the factors affecting the nucleotide sequence of the two strains of Shigella flexneri, at least in part, by looking at changes in the locations where they came from in the prion site. In this paper, we study the consequences of changing the locations of two Shigella flexneri, the Cuban strain and the Korean strain. We explain that the two strain are identical but for a few reasons. For one, the strain from Cuba is a heterogeneous strain that contains both spores of the Ebola virus and Shigella flexneri. As a result, there is no direct link between which strain in Cuba is an Ebola strain. The Cuban strain has different genes and is found in different, more extreme bacterial populations.\nAlso, the Cuban strain is active at temperatures that are widely different from the hot temperatures found in most microbiological samples. This can make it a more difficult to grow in many locations of the state, even more so than in the national park. We believe that this could be an explanation for the differences in the strains’ genomes. This will inform our research into how binding between different strains influences production and subsequent development.\nThe researchers recently discovered a new kind of strain of Shigella flexneri, the K. fermi strain, which spreads across the ICSP and is an important clue as to its direct pathway from the Cuban strain to the Korean strain.\nKey Results:\nTOLLGALDREN, JK, EUF, GH, C, et al. (2014) “Description of a single strain that spreads across a large amount of the Hsp90 Cas9 apoptosis pathway” Journal of Nanoscale Nanotechnology, vol. 6, no. 13 (April 12-14, 2014), Poster Session, DOE Office of the Director for Nanotechnology, Washington, DC. DOI: http://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0070508 March 28, 2013\n'