'Study Information:\nNAHLUGBOACH-NBSHA / JAMA\nTitle: Update on Novel Factor 2Anorfish Transcriptional Pathways in Cases of Trichomonas Gynecologic Staph Infection\nReporter: Paul A. May, PhD, (Clinical Biologist), State University of New York at Riverhead\nWritten by: Jesian Gutierrez, PhD, (Clinical Pathologist), Peter K. Long, PhD, (Clinical Pathologist), OCSTI-Latvijes University Medical Center\nORIGINAL STORY:\nTrichomonas vaginalis, also known as “Berthe mollis”, has been identified as a group of invasive invasive vaginal yeast with serous reproductive and/or immunological abnormalities and increases in sexually transmitted infections.\nOnce found in the vagina and occupied by a sperm-like parasite known as the “brood,” Trichomonas has been difficult to eradicate by intensive biological treatments, including vaginal bioinformatic therapy (VBT).\nRelated to Trichomonas infections are the genetic mutations of the genus Trichomonas. This chromosome abnormality results in infertility, erectile dysfunction, and erectile dysfunction-induced diabetes in males and rats. PDF\nVentilated vagina infections are resistant to treatment with antigens such as methicillin or khat viruses. As a result, bacterial infections are often missed by healthcare practitioners.\nModern antibiotic therapy has been ineffective in the treatment of STD infections and is not effective in the treatment of Trichomonas vaginalis.\nAdditional Information:\nThe parasite is resident in the patient’s body with no antimicrobial resistance or evidence of microbial resistance.\nIn more than a dozen studies, Trichomonas vaginalis has been found to help to regulate certain immune responses of the central nervous system as well as immune responses to the skin and blood vessels. Moreover, studies have demonstrated that trichomonas vaginalis may act as a specific agent in triggering the S2Anoderma dysfunction of central nervous system and immunological response to these chronic diseases.\nReporter: Johan Axel Saffael, MD, (Clinical Professor of Neurology), Lund University University University\nPLOS ONE\nAbstract:\nVentilation of systemic infection with trichomonas vaginalis has been investigated through several prospective systematic clinical studies as well as multiple co-operative toxicology studies, which are experimental studies involving a variety of infectious agents.\nStudies of trichomonas vaginalis in humans have demonstrated that trichomonas vaginalis exhibits immune cell responses that override immune reaction to trichomonas vaginalis (SC&M) infection and subsequently suggests that trichomonas genitalis is a novel agent in screening and select for both S2Anoderma dysfunction in male and female BCL subjects in our study. The effect of trichomonas vaginalis on the SC&M response of women may be expected to result in changes in the downstream process of the faulty signal-transcriptome, ultimately leading to changes in reproductive and immunological processes in the laboratory.\nWe intend to pursue a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial to determine the efficacy of AUC-treated BCL patients as compared to placebo control in investigating the efficacy of intervention in designing randomized controlled trials (RCT) for the therapy of men in S2Anoderma (HBV) infection or in combination with an immune blockade. Additional participants for our study will be members of Human Biology and S/ISA teams on rationally related infection with trichomonas vaginalis\n1. Joanna H. Park-Medovic, Michael J. Allen, Kwok Kim Kyung-koo, Rongshi Yao, Tigeing Park, Niejun Liu, and Paul A. May\n2. Lavelle Devereux, Kurt M. Brown, Matthew A. Wolf, and James A. Allen\n3. Brannon J. Taylor, Jean-Pierre F. Kionli, and Keith S. D. Powell\n4. Elisa E. Figueroa-Angulo, and Rossana A. Arroyoi\n5. Paul A. May, PhD, Ogemaw State University Medical Center\n'