'Today, the United States Library of Science (USLSS) published a paper “Trans10-cis12 conjugated linoleic acid enhances phagocytosis of RAW macrophages via a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma-dependent pathway.”\nRAW macrophages, also known as macrophages, are essential for cell growth and survival, and are involved in converting bits of DNA into nucleotides. According to Bruce Leifer’s work with this lymphocyte, there exists a “unique strain of trans10-cis12 conjugated linoleic acid (T3IPAA) that promotes phagocytosis in the intestine, gallbladder, and bronchial tubes of humans,” and this T3IPAA is now investigated in human samples from some patients who may be at risk for abnormalities in lymphocytes lymphoid membrane (LLM).\nCurrently, some patients are infected with AML or breast cancer. Others are suffering from neuroblastoma or epidermal growth factor (EGF) immune deficiency, while others may have stage IV lymphoma. Among those with lymphoma, this meta-study suggests that these cells might be able to suppress these tumors. In HIV patients, as is the case in some of the other subjects, a high propensity of degenerative changes that could be caused by the disease can also be found in the lymphocytes lymphocytes. As such, early detection and surgery might provide the path to a remission.\nAs an anti-HIV prophylactic therapy, ART may be considered. In patients with hepatitis C, AZT has shown great promise in eliminating hepatitis C, as well as chronic hepatitis B virus infection. The implications of this “reversible interleukin-2 expression” are also unclear, and it is possible that HIV may be a viral component in a person’s immune system. The origin of HIV in this type of immunologic disease remains a mystery.\nIn this paper, Scott Leifer experiments with an IL-20-expressing IL-3 prophylactic therapy in patients with heterozygous familial amyloidosis (HoFH). After one year, samples were subjected to a combination of medication and fluorescence induced activation of IL-23 in 1 patient (aerosol 1), and in 2 (aerosol 2) where the HoFH patient was of normal proportions. Holographic data suggest that following the treatment, the HoFH lesions were altered in the lymphocytes cells, and three-dimensional images reveal changes in the ratios of circulating (fully secreted) IL-23 to IL-34. Despite the changes, the patients also exhibited a significant reduction in the levels of IL-23 in their lymphocytes from baseline, implying that IL-23 may have a beneficial effect on blood diseases, including but not limited to HCD (Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, etc.), HIV, and PI3 kinase (PE) C.\nAt present, the experimental IL-23 induced IL-3 expression in the HoFH patient is likely to be non-dependent on the intervention. This may be part of a potential “living interference” with IL-23 expressed in subjects who produce IL-23.\nSource:\nIDSA International\nOriginal article: Cell Therapy: Ongoing Cellular and Molecular Evidence of IL-23 in IL-23 induced IL-3 expression in HoFH\n'