'Published in the journal Cell Metabolism, the study is the first to investigate the mechanism for a specific neurogenesis effect of TIMP-3 and companion DRT mutations in ovarian cancer models in vitro. It also explains the systemic efficacy of these models using the significant advantages of the current DMT gene delivery approach. The team will be recruiting ovarian cancer patients at the University of South Carolina in Columbia.\nThe study shows that patients with more TIMP-3 mutations experience enhanced function and response to tumor stimulation. This response improves the overall survival while keeping progression-free survival constant with a 50 percent benefit compared to survival under DMT treatment alone. This is the first time that ovarian cancer patients with the highest score on the IM4 gene expression test are subsequently not resistant to treatment.\nThe study suggests that a potential therapeutic benefit of DMT gene delivery is triggered by tumor metastasis and survival in ovarian cancer. However, while DMT and TIM-3 have already been demonstrated to have gene-targeted synergistic effects in two other tumor types, not all tumor types have complementary therapies for which they have similar high hemispheric expression rates. This is the first evidence that DMT-directed gene delivery has a potential synergy effect with platinum therapy.\nPrevious DMT studies have implicated an enzyme termed TIMP-2 as a target, but it is unclear whether this enzyme has neurogenesis effects. To investigate the effect of TIMP-2 on ovarian cancer stem cell development, the researchers examined DMT in vivo expression in a fully human ovarian tumor model from the Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR)1 mutation.\n"Our results show that the hepatitis E transmembrane polymerase (HEPS) activation that is associated with the development of tumor cells is highly dependent on environmental regulation of gene expression," said Piotr Zlochowski, Ph.D., assistant professor of animal science at the University of South Carolina and lead author of the study. "This could be the key to identifying new modalities of therapy for this cancer, which is characterized by a high rate of cell death during primary tumor disease and a high risk of recurrence and metastasis."\n"Even though we can\'t yet say that this effect exists across the lifespan of patients with ovarian cancer, it is still promising," said Laura G. Rashleigh, DMD, professor of genetic medicine at the University of South Carolina in Columbia. "This discovery adds to the body of evidence suggesting that DMT could potentially treat ovarian cancer."\n'