'“Current research indicates that some cardiac cells are likely to be inactivated when any C-kit inhibitors are taken, which may explain why many such cells persist into later stages of development.”\nWell that’s interesting that you’re referring to the cardiovascular cardiology device development. Again, let’s see what’s missing from your article.\nLet’s look at the “primary biomaterial” in this article. That’s a cell derived gene therapy that actually changes a protein in the muscle cells by stimulating the protein expression. Normally you’d use a normal drug, but not this cell derived approach.\nThe idea of using cell derived C-kit to form a disease modifying therapy is actually true. However, there are so many unknown factors about how the cells will respond to the current drug, the main question is: what kind of immune response will be present. If it’s something like a virus, we can definitely investigate.\nNow, my previous post explained that your article should never assume that the stem cells will respond to a drug. If they do, you are wrong about what that drug is. But, since you can get research funding from the NIH, let’s say you get funding from a group of scientists who have earned Nobel Laureates in physics.\nIf they decide to use a cell derived C-kit that we currently have, they can come up with new, novel ways to do the gene therapy with cells and mice. But to even test whether they can do that in mice, you will need to get genetically engineered mice.\nIn order to do that, they will need to modify their neurons in a way that makes the mice, for example, more susceptible to antibodies. That means they’ll need to modify genes, which will usually involve transplanting cells from healthy mice to the cells from well-preserved, human mice. Then you’ll need to work on the motor control mechanism, since these mice are animals where muscles are modulated by the brain’s motor control system.\nThis type of treatment is unlikely to become a reality soon. But you can play with the cells already developed in your laboratory, because you’ll get to try it and see if it works in a human patient. In fact, one of the scientists who’s worked with us told me that his team has developed some very interesting ways to use cells derived from chimps for this purpose. He’s not a doctor, but he does a PhD on neurodegenerative diseases and developmental biology. And this is the procedure that we’re working on now.\nEnjoyed this article? Join 40,000+ subscribers to the ZME Science newsletter. Subscribe now!\n'