'The majority of breast cancer research focuses on lumpectomy. What is less understood is what goes on inside the breast, and the actual process of cancer metastasis that occurs during lumpectomy. We have been observing tumors growing during lumpectomy, but we are still exploring these cells and their interactions with each other.\nA new paper published in Cell Reports is led by Jinjie Yang, MD, PhD, and Yuangiao Zuang, PhD, of the Johnson & Johnson Research Institute and University of California, San Francisco. The research team noted that changes in overall cell proliferation and motility during lumpectomy resulted in improved prognosis. But, the tumors could still stay dormant for years without ever getting a second tumor. The researchers wanted to know how these changes relate to cancer progression.\nA major limitation of clinical breast cancer research is that studies on human breast cancer cells result in results that are very limited in terms of understanding the mechanisms involved. Because the actual cellular pathways underlying cancer and metastasis are not well understood, it is very difficult to pinpoint what is responsible for the disease\'s progression. Dr. Yang and his team explain:\nThis important question – how tumors respond to treatment - is particularly important in the context of the recurrent and personalized breast cancer (RBC) fields: It is a question of what kinds of signaling proteins and other cellular processes are important and how they contribute to the recurrence of disease.\nDr. Yang and his team set out to investigate this question. They examined cellular changes that occurred during abdominal skin epithelial-oncology (SOC) cancer cells, including JAK1 and other "anti-inflammatory" proteins called vancomycin complexes. The researchers looked for cells with altered mitotic proliferation, cell motility, or alterations in carotid lymphocyte oscillations (CLNE). (CLNE is a protein that binds to branched ligands on myeloid cells). They found two changes. First, tumor cell death went from a high rate of cell intercalation, or cell consolidation, to a low rate, signaling that cells already had been nurtured by the immune system. Second, cells with a very low HER2 expression also died, signaling that they had already become metastases. The team suspected that these changes could be caused by the long-term remodeling and reconstitution of the body\'s immune system.\nThe results suggest that JAK1 could have played a role in this process. JAK1 has already been shown to have positive effects on BRCA1 and BRCA2 breast cancer cells. These cells have a half-life of around two years and are sensitive to the immune system\'s T-cells. In this study, the researchers used more robust mice than human breast cancer cells. The researchers then used a high-energy laser beam to kill non-target T-cells that expressed JAK1.\nThe team studied several strains of human breast cancer cells, including ones that were immature and had received anti-tumor drug therapy (LBT). JAK1 is also present in more mature breast cancer tumors. The researchers examined the rate at which tumor cells (i.e., immature cancer cells) progressed from an initial low- to high-resolution level. They discovered that JAK1 expressed in these cells essentially had no effect on progression, and that cells with high-expressing JAK1 survived for an average of four years and had a longer positive outcome than those with low-expressing JAK1. JAK1 enhanced survival more than JAK2 or placebo.\nThe authors also discovered a mechanism that enhanced the odds of survival: JAK1 added to a whole area of synovial cells where other molecules were present (synovial fibroblast adenoids or SHADs). This observation suggests that JAK1 has an activity that influences the expression of cells that survive and undergo JAK2 amplification. The authors speculate that the trait conferred by JAK1 could lead to the preservation of these cells. They speculate that if enough synovial SHADs had been acquired during metastatic cell growth and survival, the synovial SHAD cells could have evaded JAK1\'s influence. These findings suggest that JAK1 may have a role in the normal maintenance of brain cancer cells.\nAccording to Dr. Yang, "Killing cells that have chronic or otherwise undiagnosed SYMPTOMS can help strengthen the immune system. SYMPTOMS are the most common brain tumor-related disorders in Japan, due to lack of disease patients'