'Published: 01/28/2013 09:58 AM EST on LiveScience\nMutations of the missing gene Rps7 in mouse behavior and morphological changes have been observed in humans, a major breakthrough in studying the faulty gene.\nThe finding could help scientists figure out if Rps7 is a gene of interest in humans and, if so, develop treatments, researchers said.\nThe discovery has implications for understanding rare and rare diseases such as MS, Parkinson\'s and Alzheimer\'s disease, according to a team of researchers led by Dr. Peter Kuehn of the University of Washington School of Medicine. Photos: Some of Rare Diseases\nLast year, a team of researchers led by Kuehn reported that a mouse\'s unique "Diamond-Blackfan Anemia" gene "reduced mouse immune function" and was linked to cancer, heart disease and birth defects.\nThe new findings are reported in the new issue of the journal Nature.\n"The gene mutation in our mouse brain has been known for more than 100 years, and we were unable to identify any genes that might be involved," Kuehn said in a statement. "This is the first time we have been able to sequence the genome of an embryo."\nNow, researchers have found the missing gene, which is found in skin cells of white mice, that makes them susceptible to cancer, defects and other illnesses. They found that mice exposed to large doses of the naturally occurring cancer drug dacarbazine suffered severe changes in normal brain activity and behavior, an allergic infection triggered by dacarbazine, migraine headaches and muscular weakness.\n"It appears that this mutation targets a protein called apertrolryptamine 1, the only one that is widely shown to increase the brain-cell damage," said Kuehn, who is also the director of the Dornsife Comprehensive Cancer Center at the Seattle-based University of Washington. "Our results show that the gene is even more sensitive to dacarbazine than we previously thought, and indicate that the human gene could be very important for preventing brain tumors and other immunosuppressive disorders."\nThe mouse mutation could help researchers better understand brain damage caused by dacarbazine, Kuehn said. There are three forms of the gene. There is Rps7, which has an X-linked structure; there is Rps2, which has a M-linked structure; and Rps7X, which has a R-linked structure.\nThe researchers carried out the experiments in mice that have expressed Rps7 and did not carry the gene.\n"The mouse genes that specifically are affected by Rps7 are located in at least two different regions of the genome, with Rps7 regions being the only known ones, despite a widely known genetic mutation in the mouse," the researchers wrote. "We believe that Rps7 is related to the UCLPR deletion, so we believe that Rps7 is a unique target for genetic medicine, one that has the potential to be informative in medicine and to help us prevent brain cell damage."\nTheir findings were based on the findings of two UCLPR mice and human genetically mutated mice and human mice with similar NRAS-A mutations.\n"It is important to study how these mouse genes and human NRAS genes interact, and to understand whether or not NRAS mutations can contribute to brain tumor development," Kuehn said.\nFollow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We\'re also on Facebook & Google+.\nCopyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. >\n'