"Keystone Medicine, Inc. (OTCQB:PIMM) recently obtained a milestone of $600,000 in funding from two groups of investors: $100,000 went to the project and another $100,000 went to the third. These sources of funding helped strengthen the university-based company’s ability to take advantage of its understanding of a newly discovered defense against invading bacteria. On February 15, 2013, Keystone Medicine started clinical trials of its revolutionary RNA-interference strategy against Host-Microbial Surface Protection (SMPS) bacteria. The trial is slated to run from April 1, 2013 to November 1, 2013 at the University of Cambridge.\n“I was very pleased to see the excitement of the projects in these two areas,” said CEO Naseem Gagar. “Their energy, enthusiasm and contributions in developing research applications are strong and they understand how this concept of using RNA interference to fight bacterial infections is unique.”\nThe Cambridge biotech startup described its SMPS-treating strategy as “Siliconware for the Microbial Surface Protection Field.” The approach describes the following production method:\nExtension of a highly successful RNAi-based polymer that is incorporated into the host’s core DNA to create a complex channel of viral RNA present in the RNA strand binding site. The DNA is then replicated in a specialized microarray of the Host-Microbial Surface Protection (SMPS) bacteria. These microarray are assembled into arrays to form miniquest synthetases containing three viral RNA targets: deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), Hg or Hg and Sd in short nucleic acid sequences. These HA-FR complexes can be directly or selectively converted to CD4+ T cells or C5+ T cells. This is a true proof of concept for scaling and production of high protein interplay RNAs.\nKeystone Medicine collaborated with the John Hopkins School of Medicine and BID BioAustra (BTBF). The teams created a flexible Sd polymer SdnLL model using highly aggressive traits in matched libraries of HA-FR signatures. They modified this model to include several HA-FR chaperones. They also tweaked the delivery of the DNA. The engineering targets are effectively indistinguishable from one another. As a result, a variety of potential targets were chosen. These targets include Hg (familial Adenol Anemia or ßv, Hg-1α, Hg-2α), Hg-1α (mi-Og, Ig-Ir1), Hg-1α (mi-Og, Hg-2α, Hg-3α, Hg-4α), Hg-1α (mi-Og, Hg-3α, Hg-3α, Hg-3α), and C5+ T cells.\nFor Keystone Medicine, the help from the researchers will bring a much greater impact to the company than it could have achieved without the funding. Says Gagar, “We will continue to advance our Sd protein by leveraging the open source movement to develop complementary research models and measure the relationship between the heterocyclic pharmacotypes (H4 and H6), the critical line of defense against heterocyclic drug-resistant organisms.”\nFinally, says Gagar, “We are fully aware of the limitations of biotechnology and believe we have built an innovative, proprietary platform with the rare quality of inducing long term safety in non-Hg mediated CROP blockade.”\nKeystone Medicine's Sd peptide technology has been called revolutionary for its ability to block, inhibit and increase transcriptional function in cells by both RNA-mediated and chemical processes. The technology prevents CROP activation in a number of tests of cell regeneration, preserving and restoring normal cellular DNA. The technology has been used in both blood samples and mice to help create tumor cell models. Keystone Medicine has developed a complex cellular miniaturization process for rapid cell regeneration. The most powerful gene silencing and non-GAO function in its therapy has been demonstrated in this type of tissue. Another related knowledge-sharing initiative has been shared with the leading scientists in the U.S. such as virologist Dr. Stephen McDonnell of the University of California, San Francisco.\nAbout Keystone Medicine\nKeystone Medicine is an innovative RNA interference (RNAi) biotechnology company focused on treating drug-resistant, heterocyclic drug-resistant pathogens (HBT). Recently recognized by The American Society of Hematology (ASH) as a Top 100 Biotechnology Company for 2013, Keystone Medicine was the unanimous"