"The authors of this paper suggest that CDK inhibitors known as inhibitory-caused PhL1 dimers, which occur only in cell types with older muscle stem cells, may be beneficial for reducing the activation of immune cells in older muscle tissue.\nThis post discusses a new study reported in Nature, Vol. 454, 26 April 2007, page 19.\nThe authors of this paper suggest that CDK inhibitors known as inhibitory-caused PhL1 dimers, which occur only in cell types with older muscle stem cells, may be beneficial for reducing the activation of immune cells in older muscle tissue.\nIf my gut and other muscles are a monotonous nightmare, your guts must be a nightmare, too, not least because they are neither healthy nor active. But for those who love pSmad3 , an experimental tetracycline, combined with a compound called EPCN125 , are an exciting hope for the future of fDi igment-directed cell therapy.\nIn this case, the researchers report that pSmad3 modulates an important transcription factor required for muscle growth. The hope is that it will stimulate the production of lupus-specific antibodies, which subsequently interact with cells to accelerate development of the immune system.\nYou have noticed we have a lot of these pSmad3 studies in Nature! And that we normally have only two papers, of them, in one week or so. So I don't want to complain too much. But if the last three papers are any indication, I would suspect that many other researchers are going to start looking at pSmad3 in a number of areas, including chronic and autoimmune diseases, as well as rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, high cholesterol, dry mouth, etc.\nIt seems that one of the reason we tend to be obsessed about pSmad3 is that a leading company just purchased several samples. In fact, I don't have any doubt that your report will be a topic of discussion when pSmad3 is in the spotlight.\nHowever, for now, I've got to go read the entire paper, and as a follow-up, let me tell you why this study is important for both you and me. For starters, the authors of this paper report that older muscle tissue contains more muscle stem cells than any other tissue, except bone marrow. An even higher percentage of muscle stem cells reside in these older muscle cells, making them a strong candidate for our study. And in an alternative study, we used a technique called titer freezing and re-freezing, which keeps immature muscle cells from being damaged during replication, and protects them from injury. While it may sound simple, this technique has only been used once before in human muscle tissue. For something as complex as muscle repair, involving the delicate physics of muscle tissue, it is very exciting, but also scary. If pSmad3 can be effective, it will not only help determine whether this technique is reliable but also help inform the way we deal with everything from aging to illnesses, as well as the numerous therapeutic pathways we have to put in place to combat aging.\nWe will be going to Tetracycline and pSmad3 in May, and we will be writing about pSmad3 and its consequences for your skin.\nWant to know more about these two very important studies? Well, do read this description of what happened at our Plenary/Plenary Session , April 3-5, at the International Ptrb Ptrb Conference (thank you, Isimata Kim), in Yokohama, Japan. This particular discussion was held for the first time last year at the JP Narita Human Biology Symposium, in Tokyo, and took place under the auspices of Ptrb, the International Plenary Research Society (IPPR).\nMorgan E. Carlson\nUniversity of Hawai'i Medical Center\n\nDirector, Center for Regenerative Medicine\n"