'Antimicrobials on Melanoma In Vitro and Inivo\nSerum antimicrobials to prevent and treat breast cancer\nAntimicrobials to prevent breast cancer Antimicrobials to treat breast cancer\nAntimicrobials to prevent and treat melanoma Inivo-a therapeutic vaccine for melanoma\nAntimicrobials to prevent and treat melanoma\nProven efficacy and safety in the treatment of melanoma in vivo\nPharmaceuticals and Embryonic Foam to produce prophylactic follicles for the prevention of Human Papillomavirus (HPV)\nPrincipal Study Author Terence D. Benson, M.D., Editor-in-Chief\nResearch Report 1: Antimicrobials on Melanoma In Vitro and Inivo\nUniversity of Calgary: M.D. Is focused on Melanoma\nUniversity of Calgary: Study Found Potential to Treat Melanoma In Vitro\nTop researchers from The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) and the Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, California have used data derived from human trials of Merck’s (NYSE:MRK) Serum XR, a small molecule polyps inhibitor compound that is a novel first-in-class peptide, to assess whether early-stage human melanoma cells respond to the drug’s anti-tumor activity.\nMelanoma is the most common form of skin cancer, affecting about 28,000 Americans each year. It is caused by human papillomavirus (HPV), a sexually transmitted virus that is mainly transmitted through sexual contact, says researcher Yan Xiao, Ph.D., leader of TSRI’s Melanoma Immunobiology and Melanoma Research Group.\nEpidemiologic studies show that Melanoma cells can become infected with human papillomavirus, causing a form of cancer called secondary papillomavirus (SP). This form of cancer tends to be more resistant to treatment because it has higher levels of the virus within it. The inability of this papillomavirus to spread to other lymph nodes in melanoma patients can be partially attributed to the cells being unable to replicate themselves due to the rapid expansion of melanoma cells.\nIn contrast, in laboratory studies, SHU99930, a low-cost SJP-1 peptide, is produced from a bacterial cell line in the field. This is the first time that the cell-like process of SJP-1 have been tested in a therapeutic pharmacological form. The peptide had the highest overall efficacy rate when compared to all other hormones and antipyretics.\nIn vitro studies revealed that SHU99930 shows the highest CYP2C (key signaling pathways) activity in the cells that are being grown in a combination of mouse, human, and genetically modified strains. The results also showed that SHU99930 can increase tumor cell growth in mammalian cells. In vitro studies showed a low CLL Tumorigenetic Progression Index and high levels of Cytokine-Lumine-Cidomedicine (a hormonal target) in melanoma cells. This same effect was also seen in human patients with grade 3 human leukaemia.\nThe most challenging part of the anti-Tumor activity phase of the SJP-1 study was the need to quickly identify these cells as melanoma cells for study. The scientists are working to identify the primary mutation that leads to melanoma development, and are now working on designing the specific microstructures that will allow them to target these cells.\nShu-Hsien Chen, M.D., the study’s senior investigator, said, “In vitro studies showed that injecting SHU99930 directly into the skin destroyed melanoma cells more rapidly than current approaches of immunotherapy.\n“The data in this paper are very exciting. We have already shown that SHU99930 can kill cells of melanoma, but we are still in the early stages of studying these cells.”\nDr. Chen and his colleagues plan to conduct further studies in animal models and clinical studies with larger populations of human patients to help further understand this approach.\nPrincipal Investigators from TSRI and Scripps Research Institute:\nYan Xiao, Ph.D., says, “This trial has been a'