'Microbiol. Immunol., 49(3), 219Ã\x90225, 2005 March 28, 2005\nResearchers at Harvard Medical School in Boston have developed an inexpensive method of pre-filtering and disinfecting certain types of non-infectious microbes from the human bloodstreams of mice. For this purpose, the authors decided to use influenza vaccines in their study. At the same time, however, they also discovered that several bugs harbored all too common adenovirus infections, thus rendering the current vaccination method obsolete. The full results can be seen in the April issue of ACS Magazine (doi:10.1063/acs.2005.297).\n“This work demonstrates that we can not only reduce illness but also prevent infection by including all species in one’s vaccine. We should continue to pursue this important goal by implementing modern methods to monitor vaccines that could actually prevent many disease outbreaks and infections,” says principal investigator Mitsuru Yamaguchi, MD, PhD, an associate professor of Medicine and Biomedical Science at Harvard Medical School.\nIn this study, Yamaguchi and colleagues infected mice with influenza strains as well as susceptible influenza A and B viruses. Malabar pneumonia, a common complication of influenza, is highly curable, and patients often die within a week of infection. Microbiol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunovirus, a highly infectious bacterial and viral infection, is well-known for its deadly effect on humans. Microbiol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunovirus, a highly infectious bacterial and viral infection, is well-known for its deadly effect on humans. Microbiol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunovirus, a highly infectious bacterial and viral infection, is well-known for its deadly effect on humans. Stephen Reuter, MD, of the New England Veterans Health Care System, administered both vaccines and discovered that they improved existing safety checks. Reuter, an associate professor of Medicine and Biomedical Science at Harvard Medical School, administered both vaccines and discovered that they improved existing safety checks. “The microbiol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunovirus vaccine is probably one of the most popular vaccines in the world, and it has been repeatedly proven to keep people healthy by preventing influenza,” Reuter says. The flu virus from three different strains is transmitted mostly to infected people through coughs and sneezes.\n“The microbiol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunovirus vaccine is usually fairly expensive, which might also be why a good many vaccines are already available from government and private sources,” Reuter says. Reuter says a modest policy of vaccination is needed, because we have an extremely low vaccine reservoir. “Some of the components, such as bacteria, fungi, and viruses, are not particularly resistant to many antiviral drugs, so as a strategy, vaccination should be focused on virus-like organisms.” Reuter adds, “Because the microbiol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunol. Immunovirus vaccine and influenza vaccine can be delivered orally and are administered similarly, consumers can easily obtain these vaccines. If a vaccination is not available, the candidates can be found online. For more information on the research, please visit the Harvard Rha e Center for Vaccine and Immunobiology at http://rha.harvard.edu/cvb/ or the National Institutes of Health Web site at http://www.nih.gov/ .\nAbout the Rha e Center for Vaccine and Immunobiology\nRha e is a Department of Medicine located at Harvard Medical School. Created by the NIH, Rha e is a Center for Vaccine and Immunobiology designed to further research into disease, vaccine safety, and immunogenicity and administer vaccine protection via orally administered vaccines and vaccines. Its mission is to formulate sound policy responses for vaccine and immunobiology projects and to create organizational, technical, and regulatory structures that will enhance vaccine research and vaccine protection. Rha e’s work has been published in multiple'