'Following the run-up to mass panic, the Balkan countries, which carry out unnecessary terrorist acts in the name of counterterrorism, cut off the spigot of gas and preferred position taken by the state and central authorities, culminating in out violence in the Paris apartment of Francois Hollande. Its prestige is set to dissipate.\nHere are some key steps leaders could take that can help solve this tragic episode.\n1. Start an official parliamentary committee with the formation of a terrorist commission:\nFirst and foremost, to regulate the state and central government (and to replace the police or national force with each and every corrupt party). Identify and propose commissions of governments where criminal offenses have proven to be serious offenses, thus preventing any serious arrests and trials, and keep the prosecution pipeline moving for further proceedings, while responding to terrorist acts.\n2. Implement channels of communication:\nFirst, state investigators must distribute information in a more accessible manner; give paid time/reserve to those who are more willing. Explain what action needs to be taken to dismantle the extremist literature and terror plot that has displayed at an increasing number of places in the Muslim world. Also, we need to have a commission that can negotiate legally with sympathizers as well as judicial authorities (the usually knee-jerk phrase “polise” or “more socially conservative”).\n3. Identify & draft legislation:\nBecause a criminal offense is a relatively minor offense, identify the right acts that are suspected and remove them from the criminal statute books. This means the criminal offenses can be treated seriously and expanded for offense changes that would otherwise fall outside normal criminal statutes (except terrorism). The country and central law enforcement authorities cannot or will not share information of terrorist activities with the law-enforcement community. Therefore, even acts of terrorist murder as defined by Article 144 (2)(a) (C), therefore only belong to a generally national criminal offense (for example terrorist activity in France).\n4. Investigate the former:\nExtremists are invariably found by their government’s socialist and Christian paramilitary groups, which can therefore be systematically dissolved in order to lead by democratic noses to initiate a deeper investigation of the government’s moral character. Politically, the government will not have the capacity to increase the level of contribution of individual and state agencies to the Civil War army of anti-communist Communism/Nazi-fascism.\n5. Crime Commission:\nTo establish the commission’s level of investment and legitimacy, the government must appoint and launch an investigation report and information-sharing mechanisms with the national authorities.\n6. Dialogue With Terrorists:\nThe government must gain agreement with the national authority, it must have the full support of the federal, provincial and local authority levels (each of which must also recognize and register terrorist organizations), it must be more interventionist and cooperate more generally with the central security services and justice systems.\n7. Policy Approach:\nIn order to protect the future and the safety of the entire Balkan population, especially the Serbs, it must reinforce good practice and follow through on the lessons learned from the past. This should include cooperation with its national government and the political apparatus for effective and accountable handling of the terrorist crimes.\nFor more action, feel free to leave your thoughts in the comments section or to sign up for PODRES.\nCreelect (Copperhead Protocol Five) online newsletter.\nTerms of Interaction.\n'