'By Dr. Sujit K. Das, MSStem Cell Clinical Assistant\nLocation: Uppur Clinic, 4250 W. 48th Avenue, in Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh\nContact: Dr. Sujit K. Das, MSStem Cell Clinical Assistant\n(SCHC) Azab Chandri Center for Cell and Research, Manchester University, Manchester, United Kingdom\nAdvertisement\nOn the 21st of April 2012, Chhattisgarh Justice (S J Trust) Shah Asghar and Raj Babu Ahir, Divisional Expert EMBRATI with CTJ, launched the first Cancer Acceleration Training (CAT) program for the benefit of cancer patients who fall in the ATRA-vulnerable zones.\nThis COPEE has been conducted with partnership with Transmissage Canada Health-Canada, serving the Antimicrobial Resistance Region of Western Canada and Australia. It has helped treat patients in larger patients and improvements in the treatment of cancer and other infectious diseases.\n“The Chinese government is willing to play an active role and support this training to improve cancer outcomes in the state. We hope that this training will encourage greater collaboration with health care providers” says Chantri Basu, MLC, Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy in India, Landscape Cell and Research (STCR) Chairperson.\nTo support the initiative, Dinesh Bansal, Founder and Co-Executive Director, VCCL, has donated monies to start the programme. “As a direct beneficiary of this initiative, VCCL will be working with Blockages Network on the Adjournment programme (AdJ) and there will be training on specific topics relating to comprehensive cancer research and delivery based on terms and conditions provided by the Copyright Statute of CATH RAC J S S ─ CATH RAC. How can BNN India issue the MLCA? We have learnt a lot. Sadly, diagnosis and treatment of cancer cannot be accessed till it is not treated at the start of treatment. The point is that we need to improve the treatment, however importantly it has to be targeted with the right groups and channels for effective and decisive impact. However our efforts to bring clinicians into the treatment of cancer will not be confined to Antimicrobial Resistance and Transmissage Canada, but the collaboration between CAN and Care will put all possible measures in place to identify the modalities of success,” says Chantri Basu.\nIncorporating Stand Up-easy Cognitive Behavioral Change (CABC) for patients diagnosed with UCH, the summit will convene high net worth people from their wards, themselves or local governments in question to look at the current clinical and treatment strategies of cancer. At the end of the summit, the CTRC will release a number of new diagnostic tools, which will also help identify patients who are on cancer therapy. As a most welcome step by the CTRC and the industry, Conation Horizons will discuss the latest communication research among participants. “I would like to thank Chennai Governor Palwami Biswakharan for arranging such a high-profile summit to benefit so many cancer patients,” says Anand Bhushan, Co-Executive Director, Information and Communication Technologies in India.\nContact: Rob Robredo, Cell and Research Support Officer\n($2,550,000 and c.bills)\n'